Template (#1)
spdx/spdx-3-serialization-prototype-playground: README.md

We will do a minimum review of new proposals before merging.

Suggestions to existing serialization approaches will be reviewed by the contributors of the original serializations approach before merging.

> ## Operating Principles

Reviewer: maybe also highlight, that just random and useful examples are accepted? That this is described rigid framework is one way, but one can also add arbitrary other examples if they are helpful to play around or to make a point.

Author: I think that's covered in "as many or as few examples", but can add text that you suggest.

We will do a minimum review of new proposals before merging.

> Suggestions to existing serialization approaches sill be reviewed by the contributors of the original serializations approach before merging.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Suggestions to existing serialization approaches still be reviewed by the contributors of the original serializations approach before merging.
```

Author: will?

## Operating Principles
1. The [logical model](https://github.com/spdx/spdx-3-model/tree/main/model) is the single authoritative source for SPDXv3 content.

> All examples submitted to the playground should correspond to the given model examples.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All examples submitted to the playground should correspond to the given model examples to allow for easy comparison.
```

> 2. Each serialization method has a sponsor that is responsible for creating the examples and test code for that method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. The contributor for each serialization method is responsible for creating the examples and test code for that method.
```

> 3. The barrier to entry should be minimal. A sponsor may create as many examples as they deem appropriate for defining the method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. The barrier to entry should be minimal. A sponsor may create as many examples or as few as they deem appropriate for defining the method.
```

4. Although examples may be initially submitted to illustrate ideas before code has been developed to process them, it will
eventually be necessary to demonstrate that the examples correctly reflect the model.

> The code for a method includes four programs:

Reviewer 2: I'm thinking we may not just skip the details for the programs - overall, this may be a rather intimidating list to submit ideas (e.g. delete lines 28-32)

    * element_to_model
    * model_to_element
    * element_set_to_payload
    * payload_to_element_set

## Individual Element Examples

> * The code for a method translates between individual element examples and the corresponding model types in both directions

Reviewer 2: Do we want to add a pointer back to the use cases in the SPDX 3 model?
